hello this is mr. entropy 1988 now as I
promised you I'm going to do a
comparison video on four different
versions of VeggieTales and Easter Carol
on the left you see is the 2004 forever
lander and to meet VHS sub me to see the
2004 Warner Brothers VHS and tales 5
stunning one a VHS and on the right is
the 2004 Everland achievement DVD
counterpart start with this tape first
since the 2004 VHS which I got last
summer featuring Rebecca st. James as
the voice of hope here's the spine back
net says Sunday morning value Saturday
morning fun featuring Grammy Award
winning artist Rebecca Cheng st. James
is the voice of hope even inches okay to
Miller's again used to Carol's companion
video the star of Christmas tape with an
ink label it's a white tape no print at
all his team
all right we just see Oh crud this is
gonna go on to the 2004 Warner Brothers
VHS in a clamshell got the exact same
casing but it's got a different label
it's a green tape this time print date
is January 24th 2004 there you have it
with this tape and our last video chess
it's going to be the 2005 I have so many
wonder be HS that I got back on the back
on February 8th 2014 at the Hahn rescue
mission thrift store it's a spine the
top the other spine back same
information huh do the same sticker
label except it says some wonder instead
of Warner Bros there's the print it's up
here it says January 11th 2006
this one's extremely rare
if you don't have to stay passive here I
recommend you go out and get this I know
Nathan Beatty does not have this tape
hopefully he can get it someday I'm not
saying that he has to I'm saying
I'm just recommending it to him it's
just a recommendation now we're going to
go on to the 2004 DVD counterpart which
I had for a very long time
it's a spine back singing career kaput
but we got bonus features this time got
the dopey dish a 5.1 surround sound it's
got animated shorts
LarryBoy the cartoon adventures and
reach one penguin just got how to draw
all the mechanical chickens and hope got
stained-glass documentary Easter Carol
animation progression real got DVD round
fun got behind-the-scenes the making of
an Easter Carol it's got family fun
activity at audio commentary by Phil
Vischer and Tim Hodge who is the
director Scott veggie karaoke it's got
an Easter Carol Star Christmas
interruptus toy box it's got character
bios and Easter egg hunt trivia maze
game and hidden easter eggs use the
actual disc itself mister Nezzer and
hope here's the chapter list it's got
all the bonus features
I'm glad to go now peace out